Please read these terms and conditions prior to using the products and services offered by Mobond. Please click on TERMS & CONDITIONS to read updated and full terms and conditions.  

By using the product, you agree to be legally bound by the terms and conditions and privacy policy and terms of services(including without limitation all disclaimers, exclusion of warranties and limitations of liability contained therein). You also agree to bound by Google’s Terms of Service. If you do not agree with these terms, please do not use the products and services offered by Mobond.


KEY TERMS AND CONDITIONS
(for reference only)

A Word of caution:
m-Indicator is NOT an official publication of Indian Railways or BEST or RTO or any other public transport authority. Train timings may not be matched with actual timings. PNR status and SPOT train service is provided by INDIAN RAILWAYS, premium SMS charges (generally Rs.3) are applicable. m-Indicator just acts as an interface to this service. Mobond is not responsible for any damage caused by the information shown by this software. Please cross verify the information. You may incur call or SMS charges for using certain services. Contact your service provider for the details regarding charges.

We collect following information when you use the software. Your mobile device's hardware information, unique id and location. This information will be kept private to Mobond and will not be disclosed to third parties. We collect this information to provide you location based services and relevant advertisements. Advertisements are accepted when they conform to the ethical standards. Mobond does not verify authenticity of advertiser or the claims made in Advertisements. Mobond shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as the result of your relationship with advertiser. We are using Google Maps API(s) and you agree to Google Privacy Policy

Advertisements are accepted when they conform to the ethical standards. Mobond does not verify the claims made in Advertisements. Mobond shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as the result of your relationship with advertiser.

